fix : Review fix java (#11)
IBM/data-product-exchange-java-sdk: README.md

# Data Product Exchange Java SDK Version 0.0.4

> Java client library to interact with various [Data Product Exchange Services]().

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Java client library to interact with various Data Product Exchange Service APIs.
```
Let's be as consistent as possible with the other SDKs.

Reviewer 2: Updated as suggested

## Overview

> The Data Product Exchange Services Java SDK allows developers to programmatically interact with the following DPH services:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IBM Cloud Data Product Exchange Java SDK allows developers to programmatically interact with the following services:
```

Reviewer 2: Updated

Service Name | Artifact Coordinates
--- | ---

> [Data Product Exchange Services](https://test.cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/dataproducts) | com.ibm.cloud:dpx:0.0.4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Data Product Exchange](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/dataproducts) | com.ibm.cloud:dpx:0.0.4
```

Reviewer 2: Updated
